[YUNIKORN-1006] Address QU 30, 40, 50 (#105)
apache/incubator-yunikorn-site: src/pages/community/how_to_contribute.md

A commit will automatically close the PR.
The JIRA will not be closed automatically.

## Report a security issue

> YuniKorn community cares deeply about the security and actively support for any security issues as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YuniKorn community cares deeply about the security and actively addresses any security issues as
```

Author: done

the top priority. The community uses its private mailing list (private@yunikorn.apache.org) to discuss

> and track security related issues. If any security issue found, please email to the private

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and track security related issues. If any security issue found, please email the private
```

Author: done
